What is your name? *
Megersa Abate
2. What is the full name of your unit? *

Global Unit Transport
3. What is the name and P-code for your project? *
P179939
4. Are you the TTL / Project Lead? If not, please enter their name and email here: *
Charles Kunaka
5. Please list other team members involved in the project: *
Kisanet Haile Molla

 
Where is your challenge? *

Africa
7. What is the challenge you are trying to solve? *
The Transport Global Knowledge Unit is building a freight transport model to inform its investment prioritization and planning decision and respond to growing
global challenges such as decarbonization, food transportation and logistics. The modeling work aims to provide a fresh, independent, and comprehensive view of
connectivity needs of client countries in these regions and their decision-making processes. It draws upon and seeks to integrate existing work that the World
Bank and other stakeholders have carried out on infrastructure and logistics connectivity and propose a purely technical approach to support the coordination and
prioritization of projects.
The objective of the assignment is to update and continue further development of the transport model (FLOWMAX) and lay the ground for the detailed modelling
that needs to be carried out to identify and prioritize investments in trade and transport corridors linking parts of the MENA, SAR, North/East Africa and ECA to
their main trade partners. It is also aims to apply FLOWMAX to assess the nexus of transport and food and fertilizer systems in Sub-Sharan Africa by defining a
transport connectivity and logistics infrastructure improvement program to strengthen the resilience of food and fertilizer systems in Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA).
8. Who would be the beneficiaries of the solution? *
Bank staff, policy makers in client countries and their citizens.

9. What is the status of your project/challenge? *

Implementation n
10. Are there milestones or hard deadlines we should be aware of? If so, please describe: *
project ending in FY24, but with possibility of extension
11. Does the team have a technical lead who could regularly meet with the students? *
Yes
No
Other
DATA
 
What is the approximate size of your dataset to be analyzed by the students? *

100 GB
13. Is the data? *
Text
Image
Time series/Panel data
Tabular
Other
14. Could you please provide more details regarding the nature of the data? *
transport flows between regions, border crossing points
15. It is important that students can begin their project work as soon as their course commences, to ensure completion
before the close of their semester.

*

not at the movement.
16. Would the team be able to provide a sample of data if the project is preselected? *
Yes
No
Other
17. What is the ultimate goal of this project? Is it more about finding interesting insights from the data, or is it more about making
accurate predictions, or something else? Does the data have the essential information (important features and/or labels) to
accomplish this goal? *
building a well functioning transport model
18. Any additional comments or links to further information? *
NA
 
